docs/vmauth: add security recommendations for vmselect multitenant reads (#11043)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/vmauth.md

`vmauth` also supports restricting access by IP - see [these docs](#ip-filters). See also [concurrency limiting docs](#concurrency-limiting).

> When `vmauth` performs tenant routing for [multitenant](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#multitenant-reads) requests, it is crucial to explicitly set `extra_label`, `extra_filters` and `extra_filters[]` params in the configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `vmauth` performs tenant routing for [multitenant](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#multitenant-reads) requests, it is crucial to explicitly set `extra_label`, `extra_filters` and `extra_filters[]` in the url_prefix configuration:
```

```yaml
unauthorized_user:

>     url_prefix: http://vmselect/select/multitenant?extra_filters[]=&extra_filters=&extra_label=vm_account_id=10&vm_project_id=100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    url_prefix: http://vmselect/select/multitenant?extra_filters[]=&extra_filters=&extra_label=vm_account_id=10&extra_label=vm_project_id=100
```
